Right, so now we have the email address
of the target person,
and we have their Twitter account.
So let's start with Twitter
and see what we can get from that.
So I'm gonna open the Twitter account
for the target person right here.
I'm gonna copy the link.
And we're gonna come here,
and we're gonna add a Twitter entity.
So I'm just gonna move all of this to the side.
And we're gonna add a Twitter entity
from the Social Network category.
The problem here is you'll see that there is a Tweet entity,
but there is no Twitter entity.
But Maltego actually has an entity for Twitter,
it's just not being shown in here.
And that's why I said I wanna spend
more time using Maltego with you,
to show you how to access these settings.
So we're gonna go to Entities.
We're gonna go to Manage Entities.
And right here, you can add all of these entities.
So all of these entities are not added to the palette,
to the left in here.
So if you see something in here that's interesting to you,
you can just click on it.
So the one I'm interested in right now
is the Twitter Affiliation,
the membership of the Twitter social network.
I'm gonna click on the three little dots here.
I'm gonna go on Advanced Settings,
and I'm gonna check this box, which says Palette Item.
Now if I click on OK and close this,
you'll see that I have a Twitter entity showing up in here.
So again, I'm gonna use this as normal.
I'm just gonna drag and drop it.
I'm gonna set the name of it here.
So that's gonna be myself, which is Zaid.
And we're gonna put the URL in here.
So that's the URL of the profile.
And I've already copied that, so it's this one.
And my user ID is Zaid_alq,
so I'm gonna put that in here.
And we're good to go.
Now we can gather information
about this person based on their Twitter account.
So I'm gonna right-click it
and see what we can get.
So we can get their Tweets.
We can see the Tweets they sent to people.
We can transfer this to person.
We can get more details.
We can get the followers.
What I really want to get in this is to get their friends
so that I can actually target them through their friends.
So again, I'm just gonna click on the play button here.
And this particular transformer
require you to log in to Twitter.
So as you can see now,
Maltego is telling me that I have to log in to Twitter
to be able to gather information about this person.
So I'm gonna click Yes.
I'll log in, no problem.
And then I'm gonna click on this Sign In right here.
And I'm just gonna log in with a username and a password.
So I'm gonna actually use a different account
than the one that we're gathering information about.
And now it's asking me, do I want to authorize this app?
I'm gonna say yes, authorize it, no problem.
And that's it, now we're logged in to Maltego.
I'm gonna go back to Maltego, and you can see
that it's telling me I can sign out using this button.
So now I'm logged in to it.
And if I close this, the search will start.
So it's now starting to look
for friends on Twitter, of Zaid.
And as you can see now,
I managed to get the people that are friends with Zaid,
and we can see some really interesting stuff.
Now these are all just websites,
so they're not really very useful.
We can go ahead and pretend
to be a person from these websites,
and there is a high chance of Zaid to respond to it.
But it's not as good as using the people.
So I'm actually gonna delete these websites,
just gonna click on Delete.
And we're just gonna organize these.
And now we can see that Zaid has three friends.
And again, we can use all of these friends,
right-click them,
and try to gather more information about them.
This is good so far.
And in the next lecture, we'll go back to where we were.
So we gathered the information now
about the Twitter account.
We'll see how to gather information
about the email of that person.